###### Contributors:

Danny Moncada monca016@umn.edu, Eduardo Chavez H echavezh@umn.edu

###### Project Overview:
__Google Store Analytics__

Business Case
The 80/20 rule has proven true for many businesses, this is, only a small percentage of customers produce most of the revenue. As such, marketing teams are challenged to make appropriate investments in promotional strategies. Online retailers is one of the many channels a store uses to promote its merchandise, for Google, its online store is the main site for shopping. A deep analysis of online retailers requires understanding of several variables related to the clickstream generated by visitors. Google, with more than 100,000 products to offer, is not the exception.

The subject of this analysis, the Google Store, sells a variety of products from clothes to hardware. There’s no specific target audience since there’s a product for all the different demographics and possible segmentations. Google Store has multiple navigation paths to complete a sale. The store is accessible from multiple countries and Google Search service is the most common entrance to their front end.

Currently, we see a large amount of visits but only 1.7% can be identified as purchases. Therefore, the key challenge here is to design an automated modeling process that identifies behaviors that leads to full purchases. Ideally, we would uncover patterns hidden in the data sets that could help marketing specialists to design a strategy. Furthermore, a machine learning model that predicts a sale, leads to the enhancement of those marketing techniques.

###### Solution Overview:

This document will provide an understanding of the modeling techniques and machine learning algorithms that were used against the Google Store data set. The document will provide three main business solutions:

* Data requirements. A list of attributes that represents the largest amount of data points and a list of potential attributes that Google may need to start gathering or merging in case the data already exists in their transactional logs.
* Model Selection. A machine learning algorithm that provides prediction capabilities for individual use cases, as well as the interpretation of the model
* Model Evaluation. Evaluation metrics that proves the efficiency of our machine learning pipeline along with recommendations to improve it.

Steps followed in the analysis:

1.  Data Cleaning
2. Data Preparation
3. Hyperparameters
4. Model Selection
5. Model Testing
6. Model Evaluation

###### Dataset used:

###### Code:


###### Presentation:


###### Libraries/Languges: 
Python, Pyspark, Spark MLLib, Seaborn, Pandas, Numpy, Keras, Scikit Learn
